title: Introduction
date:
layout: layout_en
---

**Statistical machine intelligence and learning laboratory (Machine Intelligence Statistical & LEarning, SMILE) ** belongs to[School of computer science and Engineering](http://www.ccse.uestc.edu.cn/), [University of Electronic Science and Technology of China](http://www.uestc.edu.cn/)and[The Big Data Research Center](http://www.bigdata-research.org/), University of Electronic Science and Technology of China. The laboratory is located in the main building B1-201. Professor Xu Zenglin is responsible for SMILE lab.

The main research direction of laboratory based on machine learning technology and its application. Current research directions include: Semi supervised learning, kernel learning, Bias learning, feature selection and extraction, multi task learning, multi view learning, active learning, online learning, matrix analysis, tensor analysis, deep learning, optimization algorithm, scalable learning, etc. The main application fields include Internet, recommendation system, social network analysis, bioinformatics, neural Informatics, health data analysis, spatial safety data analysis, etc..


### News!!
* December 16,2015： In order to strengthen the cooperation and communication between teachers and students in our school and the famous scholars at home and abroad, Human resources department Teacher Development Center held a symposium on the frontiers of artificial intelligence. The seminar invited scholars at home and abroad, who Engaged in computer science and Engineering, to gather our school to carry out academic reports and exchange of discussion.
* December 15, 2015： Academic Salon was held successfully in Beno Cafe, The Academic Salon is sponsored by the Human resources department Teacher Development Center, is hosted by the Institute of computer. Jiayu Zhou, assistant professor of computer science and Engineering Department of Michigan State University, was invited to do a report entitled "multi task learning and application". Academic Salon was Hosted by Professor Zenglin Xu .
* November 13, 2015：Two articles were received by the AAAI conference, the top academic conference in Artificial intelligence field, Respectively as: Shandian Zhe, Yuan Qi, Youngja Park, **Zenglin Xu**, Ian Molloy and Suresh Chari, DinTuker: Scaling up Gaussian process models on large multidimensional arrays；**Yingming Li**, Ming Yang, **Zenglin Xu**, Zhongfei (Mark) Zhang, Learning with Marginalized Corrupted Features and Labels Together. 
* February 1, 2015：An article was received by the academic journal T-PAMI,  top journal of the field of artificial intelligence：**Zenglin Xu**, Feng Yan, and Yuan (Alan) Qi.Bayesian nonparametric models for multiway data analysis. IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, 2015, 37 (2): 475-487.
* January 25, 2015： The paper, Sparse Bayesian Multiview Learning for Simultaneous Association Discovery and Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease ,is awarded AAAI Outstanding student paper honorable mention。Congratulations for  Shandian Zhe, **Zenglin Xu**, Alan Qi, Peng Yu.